Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
* Twinkle, twinkle little star
* How I wonder
- Preconceptions have
a direct relationship
with the expectation and realization
of the concept of fear.
At the moment the mind
converts mental fear
process into physical symptoms,
then the cycle is complete.
The ultimate definition of fear.
- Well, I've been working
on my dissertation,
and I've decided to
change direction.
- You're still focusing
on fear though, right?
- Oh, yeah.
But I've got a
completely new angle.
- Okay, and what is it?
- You cannot tell anybody.
- Hey, come on.
- Okay, I'm gonna make
a film on actual fear.
- What like the
Omen or something?
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
- No.
Like a video diary.
Okay, imagine a
documentary based on how
fear can be
manipulated, created.
- Interesting.
- Yeah.
- And how?
- Okay, I'm taking
my girlfriends
up to a cabin for the weekend.
I'm gonna actually scare
them and secretly film it.
- You serious?
- Oh, yeah.
Professor French is gonna
love it I just know it.
- How are you gonna
film it though?
- I rigged the cabin with
hidden cameras and speakers.
- Wow, sneaky.
Okay, so where does the
manipulation part
come into play then?
- Okay, let me
show you something.
What color is your shirt?
- White.
- What color is this?
- Okay, and this?
- White.
- What do cows drink?
- Milk.
- Do they?
- Yes.
No, no, okay.
Cows don't drink milk.
They drink water you got me.
- See.
- Okay, very clever.
Do something else.
- Are you good at math?
- I'm okay.
- Alright, I need
to borrow this.
- Alright.
- What's two times two?
- Four.
- What's four times four?
- 16.
- What's two times 16?
- 32.
- Two times two?
- Four.
- Four times four?
- 16.
- Two times 16?
- 32.
- Two times two?
- Four.
- Name a vegetable?
- Carrot.
- Interesting.
- Okay, what the hell.
How did you know I
was gonna say that?
- Did you really think
that or did I make you?
- Okay, impressive.
- Oh, my god I have to go.
- Right.
Good luck to you,
Mrs. Spielberg.
- Shut up, Julian.
- Alright, sorry.
- Thanks for the coffee.
- You're welcome for the coffee.
- So how did you guys meet?
- Me and Rachel knew
each other from New York.
We were in the
same dorm together.
- Yeah, and it was crazy.
- Crazy.
It was insane, oh my god.
And, um.
Frankie, how do we
know each other?
- Oh, you know.
- We used to work in a coffee
shop together one summer,
and we've just been
friends ever since.
- Oh, that's fun.
- And you're a dance major?
- Yeah, in my second year.
- You enjoying it?
- I love it.
I mean it's a lot
of work, long hours,
so there's always something
going on but it's great.
- Rachel can relate to that
she's a performer herself.
- Yeah, but you should
really see Frankie dance.
- Really.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, no.
So Rachel's lame
attempt at humor.
We'll get used to it,
Victoria, don't worry.
- No way she's serious.
She just needs like
half a bottle of vodka
and like a hot room.
- And an even hotter guy.
- Oh, yeah.
- Okay.
- I forget about that one.
- Whatever Rachel
you win this round.
Just wait till later
when we all are drinking,
all will be revealed.
- Sleepy girls.
Wake up sleepy heads.
Wakey, wakey.
- Oy.
Wake up.
- Are we there yet?
- I think so.
- Oh, it's breathtaking.
Ah.
- You just
stop that right now.
What's wrong, Sarah?
- Nothing, the
key it's supposed to
be under a rock or something.
- And what if it's not here?
- Well, then we
sleep in the car.
- Okay.
- Shine the late
over here, Sarah.
- Oh, found it.
I found it.
- Technically I found it, but.
- Yeah.
- God it is freezing.
- Here we go.
- Wow, this is so cool.
- Who lit the fire?
- That must have been Oddle.
He's the odd job man here.
- Oddle what kind
of name is that?
- Strange one.
- Looks like no one's
been here for a while.
- Wow, if this was my place,
I would be here all the time.
This is amazing.
- Guys,
I seriously wanna live here.
- It's probably just the wind.
Right, Frankie?
- We're fine.
- That was so weird.
- Really freaked me out.
- Hey, let's take these off.
- Let me help you.
Oh, Frankie.
- Sorry, I hope you're
not allergic to dust.
- Rachel, do you wanna come
help me with the luggage?
- Yes, yes I do.
- This place is unreal
I cannot believe
that nobody lives here.
- I know, right.
- That was easy.
Guys, look what
Rachel brought us.
Small one for Victoria.
- Cool.
- Your welcome.
Bigger one for Frankie.
Here you go, Rachel.
Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- Okay, first things first
here's to a real
girl's weekend finally.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
- Wait.
A toast.
May we get what we want.
May we get what we need.
But may we never
get what we deserve.
- Cheers.
- Cheers girls.
- Thank you so much, Rachel.
This is really nice of you.
- You're welcome.
Can't remember the last
time I had champagne.
- This was yum.
- More please.
- Good.
- Wow, Frankie's on a role.
Anyone else?
- You can top me up.
- Sure.
- But I'm gonna
go find out where
the washroom is.
- Light weight.
Doesn't she work in a bar.
- I can hear you.
- More for you.
- Yes.
- Great.
- She was the one
that we were checking out.
- Yes,
that's what I'm saying.
You don't remember her?
- I didn't notice
her panties showing though.
- What are you talking about?
- Nothing.
- Well, don't go rushing
for the bathroom.
The toilet's busted but we
do have a shower that works.
- Yeah, he did kind of mention
there may be a problem
with the septic tank.
- What are we
supposed to do then?
- Well, there's an outhouse.
- Oh, there is.
- Like outside.
- Yeah.
- It'll be fine.
It's just part of the adventure.
That's why we left
the city, isn't it?
- It's true.
- Why don't we go outside for
a walk before we go to bed.
- What?
No, it's so warm
and cozy in here.
Let's stay here.
- Come on girls.
We're adventurers.
- Yeah, let's do it
come on, Victoria.
- Unless you wanna stay here,
and then go for the outhouse
in the middle of the night
by yourself in the dark.
- Okay, okay.
No, I don't wanna do that.
Okay, I'm coming.
- That was easy.
- Listen.
- To what?
- Nothing, just silence.
- That's funny when
do we hear silence.
- It's such an observation.
- I know.
- What was that?
- A werewolf.
- Stop it.
- Careful.
- Guys, I seriously heard
something this time.
- Victoria, it's the trees.
It's nothing come on relax.
- So cold can we please
go back inside now
please, please, please.
- Yeah, you know what I agree.
Let's go it's cold.
- This is not such
a great idea guys.
- You guys are so
adventurous it's astounding.
- Isn't this fire so beautiful.
- I love it.
Reminds me of camping with
my dad when I was young.
I miss him a lot.
- Your dad died.
- Yeah.
He had a small plane.
He loved it.
He'd go away on weekends,
sometimes he'd take me.
He and my mom split
when I was five.
One Saturday
he crashed into the
side of a mountain.
Nobody knows why
or what happened.
I never got a chance
to say goodbye
or tell him how
much I loved him.
- I'm sure he knew.
- But that's it.
He didn't.
We had a fight two days before,
and he called me and I
never called him back.
I was angry that's all.
I felt so bad.
Anyway that was a
long time ago now.
I've moved on.
- He knew you
loved him, Frankie.
- Yeah.
I wanna believe he did.
- I know this is
really bad timing,
but I really gotta
use that outhouse.
- Oh, my god.
- I'm sorry I have a
small bladder, guys.
Ugh, gross.
It was awful.
Don't go unless you're
desperate I'm serious.
- Great.
I have to pee in a bowl.
- Probably, yeah.
- Seriously.
Do you guys think this
place could be haunted?
- Probably, at night
things will move around.
- Don't say that.
I'll never sleep.
I have to sleep with a
light on at home as it is.
- Wow, Victoria.
I love garlic bread so much.
But every time I eat it I
have the weirdest dreams.
- Really.
- Yeah.
- What kind of dreams, Frankie?
- Not those kinds of dreams.
Maybe sometimes.
- How's Paul?
- His days are numbered.
- I'm sorry.
- Well, don't be
it's me I'm bored.
It's just too
comfortable, no sparks.
- So who's giving
you those sparks.
- Well, there is this new guy
at one of the gyms I work at.
- Toby?
- Yes, it's Toby.
- Frankie, I knew it.
- Whatever.
- You're so predictable.
- What about you, Sarah?
- You know me.
All work no play.
- Well, we're gonna
have to fix that.
- Right, yes we are.
- Yeah, you have to
have fun in your life.
I'm gonna fix you up with
someone from my work.
No fun, no life.
Frankie's number
one rule to live by.
- Amen.
- Do you have any hot
single ones for me?
- Yeah, and there are some
even hotter married ones.
- Frankie.
- They're the best.
Seriously, there's no strings
and you just get to have fun
and then you can leave them.
So I've heard.
- Okay.
- What?
- We have a dark house.
- Apparently.
- Victoria.
- I'm just kidding.
- No, you weren't.
- No you weren't.
- Do you guys hear that?
- What?
- Probably just a
branch hitting the roof.
I wouldn't worry about it.
- A lot of creaks in
these wooden houses.
- Oh, my god.
We should play truth or dare.
- No.
- What, yes come on.
It'll be so much fun.
- Did she just finish the wine?
- Come on.
- Yep.
- But she's got more.
Please.
- Okay.
- Really.
- Come on let's
do it for Victoria.
- Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up.
- Coming Victoria.
- Rachel, you can
come sit with me.
- Okay.
- I'm so excited.
Okay.
Rachel.
You go first.
- Okay.
Oh, Sarah.
Truth or dare.
- Truth obviously.
- Typical, typical.
Alright.
Where'd you first do it?
- Do it?
- Yeah.
- Where.
Where.
- It was so long ago.
It's so hard to remember.
- Okay, I remember.
In my garage.
- In your garage.
- I hooked up with my first
boyfriend in my dad's garage.
- Oh.
- Who's the lucky guy?
- No, that's another
question, Frankie.
- Okay.
- What.
- It's your turn.
- Rachel, Rachel, Rachel.
It's pay back time.
Truth or dare.
- Dare, definitely dare.
- Kiss, Frankie.
- Shots.
- Did you see that?
- I did see that.
- Cheers.
- Yuck.
- Alright.
- Sorry.
You okay, Victoria?
- No more drinks for you.
- Oh, the dark horse.
Victoria.
- Yeah.
- Truth or dare.
- Dare, no truth, truth.
- Have you ever made
out with a girl before?
- Yes.
- And.
- She was a girl from dance,
and we were at a party.
We had a little bit to drink,
and we just had some fun.
- Fun.
- Okay.
- Okay, my spin.
- Go.
- Oh, yes, Frankie.
- Truth or dare.
- Dare.
- Take your top off.
- So eager.
- Got the job, ladies.
- Sounds like you've
said that before.
- Jerk.
- Hey.
- Okay, okay, okay guys.
Put your top back on.
- As much fun as I'm
having, Victoria.
I am so tired.
I think I'm gonna turn in.
- Actually me know too.
It was a really long drive,
which I did by
myself by the way.
- Well, good for you.
I was also in the car but fine.
- Did you hear that?
- What?
- That scratching sound.
- No.
- Did you hear it, Rachel?
- No, but, I've had a cold
and my ears are plugged.
- See there it is again.
- How are you the only one
who's hearing all these noises?
- Well, I definitely
heard it this time.
- I think it's time for bed.
- Yeah.
Tomorrow's a new day let's go.
- Yeah, come on.
- Okay goodnight guys.
- Okay.
- See you.
- Night.
- See you
tomorrow goodnight.
- Love you guys.
- Sarah.
Sarah.
- Victoria.
You were out early.
- There was somebody
watching me in the forest.
- You sure?
- Yes, I'm sure I saw him.
- Calm down it was
probably nothing.
- He was down by the water.
- Victoria, once I'm dressed
I will go take a look.
But honestly,
I think it was just Oddle.
So,
how did you sleep?
- Terrible there
were so many noises.
I almost came into your room.
- You should have.
I mean, you know with
these wooden houses though
these creaks and noises
are all part of the charm.
It's really not such a big deal.
- Morning.
Coffee.
- What was happening last night?
- The noises you heard them too?
- Yeah, you bet I did.
I don't think I slept
for more than an hour.
- There was a man staring
at me in the woods.
- Are you serious?
- Yes, and why would
I be lying about that?
- Hi, ladies.
Hey.
- Victoria.
Can you grab that.
- Hi, yeah.
- It was probably
Oddle, that odd job man.
- Well, can you tell
him to fix the toilet.
I was desperate last night,
but there was no way
I was going outside.
This looks great.
- So what do we have
planned for today, ladies?
- So I was thinking
after breakfast
we could go for a walk by
the lake how does that sound?
- Yeah.
- Good.
- Yeah, sounds good to me.
Why what's the problem?
- There was a man in
the woods staring at me.
- What kind of man,
your imagery friend?
- It's not funny.
- Frankie.
Have a strawberry.
- I'm allergic to strawberries.
- Guys, the
strawberries are fresh.
- It's so quiet.
- You can hear
your own breathing.
It's absolute silence.
The only noise is what we make.
- Not last night.
I wasn't making any of those
noises last night I swear.
There was somebody in
the woods this morning.
- Victoria, come on.
- Where did Frankie go?
- Oh, yeah, where
did Frankie go?
Frankie.
- Frankie.
- Come out, come out
wherever you are.
- Frankie.
- Got you.
- You scared
the crap out of me.
- Frankie.
- She's not happy.
- Real mature, Frankie.
- Poor baby.
Poor baby.
- Okay, come on.
- I wasn't kidding you
know there was somebody.
- Do you believe
in the paranormal,
you know like the other side?
- I don't know.
I mean, I've been
seeing my dad again,
so, yeah, I guess I do.
- I've had strange
feelings before.
- Like what?
- Like I've known
things I shouldn't know.
Know about a place and I
haven't even been there.
- Like deja vu.
- Yeah.
Sometimes I meet
someone and it's like
we have a connection.
Like I've known them before.
- Like you've known
them in a past life.
- Yeah, but really know them.
Sometimes I even know
what they're gonna say.
- I've had that before.
No, it's like there's a
connection at another level.
- Don't fight it.
There's a theory that
primitive mankind are psychic.
They used to communicate
just by thinking.
Kind of makes you wonder
why did language evolve?
- Well, to express more emotion.
- No.
- Why then.
- To lie.
- That's freaky.
If you were psychic,
then you couldn't lie.
- Exactly.
- And the human race
thrives on greed,
which needs lies to
make it all work.
- That's way too deep for me.
- Just think about it.
Imagine you could
talk to someone
and know exactly what
they were thinking.
- My brother would
be in real shit.
- Victoria,
are you okay?
- Yeah, just tired.
I didn't sleep well last night.
- This is perfection.
- Sarah.
- What.
- Okay.
- Victoria.
- I'm sorry,
Frankie, I'll get it.
Uh, it's pretty far out.
- It is far.
Victoria, I don't think
you should go on that.
- Victoria, what are you doing?
- It's fine.
- Victoria, it's too dangerous.
- Victoria.
You're my responsibility
please be careful.
Victoria, you don't need
to do this just come back.
- I got it.
- You have to be careful.
Victoria.
- Oh, my god.
- Help.
Help.
Victoria.
Frankie.
Be careful, be careful.
Help.
Frankie.
- Victoria.
Do you see her?
- Help.
- Sarah, help.
Frankie, are you alright?
- Rachel, get her a brandy.
Victoria,
that was really dangerous.
You could have drowned.
- I couldn't get my foot out.
It was strange it was like I was
being pulled into another world.
I know that sounds weird, but
I felt like somebody was
in the water with me.
I wasn't scared I really wasn't.
- You're in shock, Victoria.
Okay, sip this slowly.
- No, because somebody
was pulling me down.
- Yes, Victoria, the canoe was.
Here drink this.
- You okay, Frankie?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
You alright, Vic?
- Thanks to you.
Frankie, you saved my life.
- It was really scary in there.
- I just couldn't
get my foot out.
- It's all over now.
Okay, just another chapter
in the book of life I guess.
- Yeah.
One I'd really like to edit out.
I think I'm gonna go lay down.
- It's a good idea, Vic?
- Are you warm enough?
- Uh-huh.
- Rach, will you go with her?
- Yeah, here.
Go ahead.
- That could've been
really, really bad.
- She could've died.
It all just happened so fast.
You're a real hero, Frankie.
This is an adventure
we're having.
It's not exactly what
I imagined I'd be doing
jumping fully clothed
into a freezing cold lake.
- It'd be a pretty sweet
Instagram pick though.
- Bet that's not the only crazy
thing that's happened here.
- Yeah, this place
definitely has some history.
That outhouse is ancient.
- Well, there was a
house on this property
for over 150 years.
- Really.
- It burnt down.
But this one's pretty new.
- It's crazy to think
generations of people
might have lived here.
- My professor
said that it's been
in his family for over
three generations.
- Doesn't he ever come here.
- No, he doesn't
I don't know why.
- Maybe he prefers
to party in the city.
- Professor French.
He's a Arachnologist.
- A what?
- Spiders, he's into spiders.
Spiders.
- You're joking right.
- No.
- I hate spiders.
You don't think he ever
had them here though?
- Then you would love
Professor French then.
- Sarah, I'm serious.
Okay, they freak me out.
You don't think there'd
be any in my bedroom.
'Cause Victoria said she
heard a scratching sound.
- It might be a spider.
- Sarah, it's not funny.
- Do you want me
to check your room?
- Yeah.
- Rachel.
- What.
- I don't believe you.
- They're furry freaky little
unpredictable critters.
- Rachel, let's go.
- They're cute.
You're disgusting.
- No, spiders down here.
- Just please check
again, please.
- Here spidey, spidey, spidey.
No, we're good.
- Would you mind just
checking the closet, please?
- It's an ironing board.
We're not in danger.
Look at all this stuff.
- Do you see anything?
- Yeah, I see lots of things.
Look at this.
- What?
What is that?
- It's a Ouija board.
- Really.
- Sarah
is gonna love this.
- Look what
the Frankie found.
- What?
- A Ouija board and tarot cards.
- What.
- Yeah.
- We should play.
I played it before.
It was creepy but fun.
- Me too.
Maybe we can find out
who used to live here.
- I'm game.
- You're always game.
- Hey, guys.
- How are you feeling?
- A lot
better actually.
I feel like I slept forever.
- Good.
- Well, Frankie's
been exploring.
She found a Ouija board.
- Yeah.
We're gonna have some
fun from the dark side.
- Really.
So, how do you play?
What are the rules?
- It's easy you just put
your fingers on the pointer.
You can't push it.
You have to let
it move by itself.
We ask questions,
and we see if the spirit
wants to connect with us.
- It's just for fun, right?
- Of course.
Let's see what happens.
- We need a pen and paper.
- Turn the lights off,
Sarah, just candles.
- You guys ready?
- Yeah.
- Nothing's happening.
What's supposed to happen?
- Be patient.
- Nothing might
happen, Victoria.
No spirits wanna
come out and play.
Maybe they've all
gone out to party.
- Well, why are
we doing it then?
Okay, who's moving this.
- It's kind of freaky.
- Who are you talking to?
What is that, I?
- Uh-huh.
- O.
R.
- I don't wanna do this anymore.
- Victoria.
It's okay.
We're all in this, right?
- Yeah.
- Vic.
Who
are you?
- Who's me?
- I'm in the lake.
- Oh, my god.
- Okay,
who's moving it?
- I'm not.
Are you, Sarah?
Frankie.
- No, I'm not.
- Lonely, that's the word.
- Lonely, who's lonely.
- Shh.
Spirit,
if you're with us,
please tell us.
Give us a sign.
Victoria, it's okay.
- It is not okay
there's somebody here.
I can feel them.
- Victoria, it can't be real.
- It is real.
Somebody's here I
know that they are.
- I gotta tell you something.
None of this is real.
I set this entire thing up.
- Set what up?
- I filmed this entire
thing with cameras.
It's for my Ph.D.
I'm doing a study on fear,
but this has just gone too far.
I can't do this anymore.
- So all those noises
that was all you?
- Yeah, I kind of
set that all up.
I didn't think it would
come down to all this.
It's weird.
- I was really starting
to believe all of that.
I really was.
- I'm sorry.
- So you filmed
this whole thing.
- Just some of it.
- Wow.
You really are something else.
When were you gonna tell us?
- After filming,
I was gonna ask for your
permission to use it.
- I wanna see it.
Now.
- Rachel.
- That's so weird.
There's a glow around Victoria.
- That's
just a night vision.
- Yeah, it's really
spooky though.
Look at the Ouija board, guys.
There's a glow around that too.
- I was feeling something.
Okay, I was there was
something in the cabin.
I mean that's why
I was so scared.
- I told you I
created everything.
- No, Sarah, not what I
was feeling I know it.
- Victoria.
- Rachel, I know what
I was feeling, okay.
- You see what you've done
you've totally freaked her out.
It's okay, Victoria.
We can prove that
there's no one here.
We'll just go back
to the Ouija board
and nothing will happen.
- What if something does happen?
- It won't I promise.
See, Vic, nothing.
There's nobody here.
- I'm so sorry I did
all this, Victoria.
- Who moved it guys?
- I didn't did you, Sarah?
- After all this.
- Victoria?
- No.
- Ask the spirit's
name, Frankie?
- What is your name, spirit?
Mary.
When did you die, Mary?
1965.
Where?
- Oh, my god she died here.
- Why are you still here?
Why are you here?
- I don't wanna do this anymore.
- Victoria.
- I am not gonna
do this anymore.
- You can't break the
circle during a seance.
- I'm really scared, okay.
- You're safe with us.
Nothing's going to happen
as long as we're together.
Come on.
It's okay we're safe together.
- Sarah.
- The spirit
is here.
- Sarah, don't shit us.
This is getting weird.
- She is all around me.
There is nobody to be scared of.
Nothing at all.
It's so calm.
She likes us being here.
She needs us.
I can show you.
Mary, wants us to
connect with her again.
- Sarah, are you crazy, no.
- Rachel.
Think of a color.
- Yeah, alright.
- Mary, what is the color?
Green.
Were you thinking of green?
- That's weird how
did you know that?
- I didn't it was Mary.
- Yeah, right everyone
thinks of green.
- No, I choose red.
- Frankie, it could be anything.
Okay, think of a flower.
- Okay.
- What is the flower.
- Rose.
- Hey, that's so freaky.
I thought of a tulip,
but then I had to change my mind
like I had no choice.
- Mary, wants to play
tarot.
- I don't know
how to play tarot.
- I'll show you.
Just think of a
card as I do this.
- It's too fast I can't see one.
- Try again.
Got one.
What is the card?
- What card did
you pick, Victoria?
- The Fool.
- Okay, where is Mary?
- Here.
She's here.
- Sarah.
- You okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
- You keep going somewhere else.
I don't know what's going on.
- We've had enough
of this board.
Okay, everyone needs to
just chill out and relax.
Okay, come on enough.
- Frankie.
I'm getting a really
strong message from Mary.
She wants you to regress
to go back to when you were
four or five years old.
You were sitting at a
table by a warm fire.
In front of you is a sheet of
white paper and some crayons.
Mary, wants you
to draw a picture.
- That's crazy.
What?
- Just draw what
you feel is safe.
- I don't know understand.
How did you know?
- The same way you did.
This picture wasn't ours,
Frankie, it's Mary's.
She's here with us.
- Is she trying to
tell us something?
- It's of the cabin.
- Sarah.
What really happened back there?
- What do you think happened?
- I don't know.
I saw the picture so strong
in my mind, so vivid.
It's like
someone got into my head.
- Someone did.
- Is anyone hungry?
Oh, my god I am stuffed.
- I can eat more.
- Really.
- No.
- Seriously does
anyone want anymore?
- No, I'm full.
- No, that was so good though.
Where did you learn
to cook like that?
- From my mom.
- Yeah, the Italian
bit of her I guess.
- The pasta was so good.
- That was bad right,
bad Italian, sorry.
- Guys we shouldn't
have done it.
- What?
- The Ouija board.
- Victoria, come on.
Do you not realize
that we have just
connected with someone
from the other side.
- I'm not sorry I did it.
- Yeah, neither am I.
Think about it nothing
bad has happened.
- Yeah, I don't know why
you're so riled up about it.
- What if she's still
here with us, Mary?
- Should we find out?
- No.
- Shall we?
- Come on.
- No thank you.
- Suit yourself.
- Fine.
I'll get the lights.
- Well, don't do it without me.
- Is there anybody here with us?
Show yourself.
- How did she die?
- Ask her.
- Mary,
how did you die?
Drowned.
She drowned.
Did you drown in the lake?
Was it an accident?
- Who else is here, Mary?
- Heis?
Some sort of name maybe.
- No.
He is it's two words.
Maybe she means the
one who killed her.
- Shit.
- Is that
what you mean, Mary?
- G.
O.
Go.
What does she mean go like
like we should go or
she's going or what?
- Maybe this isn't real, okay.
Maybe we wanted to
believe it, made it up.
We're scaring each
other so much.
Just we need to stop.
- Or maybe it is real,
and maybe what she
says about him is true
and he's here.
- You okay?
- I'm fine.
- Frankie.
Frankie, are you alright?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
It was just a nightmare.
- Victoria, are you okay?
Oh, my god.
Why don't I go get
some hot chocolate.
Frankie.
- It's okay.
Look at me it was a dream, okay.
- Rachel.
Rachel, what's wrong.
Oh.
What is happening?
- Guys.
- What?
- There's a light
on in the outhouse.
- Why is she going
outside by herself?
- I don't know.
- It's Frankie probably
one of her dumb jokes.
- Yeah, but what
if it isn't, Sarah.
Frankie.
- Frankie.
Frankie, where are you?
- Great the flashlight's broken.
You know what Frankie if this
is a joke it's not funny.
Frankie.
She's nowhere to be found.
We need to get help.
- How are we
supposed to do that?
- Keep it together, Victoria.
We need to be strong.
- Frankie, may come back.
Maybe she just she got lost.
- Between the cabin and
the outhouse, Victoria.
I don't think so.
- Well, where is she then?
- I don't know.
- Guys, there's no point
in scaring each other.
- This all started when we
played that fucking Ouija board.
We should've never done it.
Your stupid filming, Sarah
all for your little project.
- Don't be like that okay
it's not Sarah's fault.
- Well, then who's fault is it?
- It's nobody's fault.
- Well, she organized
all of this.
It was her crap idea.
- I'm so sorry, Rachel.
I didn't think anything
like this would happen.
- We need to contact her.
- How are we gonna do that.
We don't know where she is?
- I'm talking about Mary.
- You cannot be serious.
- I have never
been more serious.
This is really,
really bad karma.
But she's our best
bet to find Frankie.
Are you with us?
- I don't think I
can do this, okay.
- Okay.
Spirit, are you with us?
Show us a sign.
Is this, Mary?
Do you know where Frankie is?
- Where is she?
- He's here?
Who is here, Mary?
Sarah.
- Lonely.
What happened?
- Your voice went all funny.
You sounded different?
- Don't you remember anything?
- We were contacting
Mary, right?
- We did she was here.
- We just need to get
out of here, okay.
We just need to go to the car,
and we need to drive
and get some help.
- If we make it to the main
road, we'll get a signal.
- Sarah, are you okay to drive?
- No, she doesn't
look good I'll drive.
- Oh, my god.
- Sarah, come on.
Take the candle, Victoria.
Come on get in.
- Rachel, pressed button.
- It's not working.
- Stop you're gonna
flood the engine.
- It's not gonna start.
- My god what are we gonna do.
- Okay, we can try
walking to the main road,
or we go back inside and
we wait until it's light.
- It's too dark outside, guys.
We're gonna get lost.
We have to go back
in there, Rachel.
- Okay, you're right.
Victoria, we have
to be strong, okay.
Do you hear me?
- Guys, we closed the door.
- Maybe the wind blew it open.
- What are you doing come on.
- Frankie.
Frankie, is that you?
- Who switched on the TV.
- She's not here.
- Oh, my god, oh, my god.
- Hey, Victoria, we're just
gonna wait till daylight, okay.
It's only a couple of hours,
and then I'll try the car again,
and if doesn't start we'll
just walk to the main road
and get help, okay.
- Rachel.
- What.
- Mary's here.
I can feel her.
- Okay, Victoria, we really
don't need this right now.
Look at me.
You have to remain calm
until we get help, okay.
- Okay.
- It's just the wind.
It's just the wind.
- Sarah.
- What?
Sarah.
- Did you find her?
- No.
- Where is she then?
- Where
the hell were you?
- Downstairs.
- No, you weren't.
I checked where were you, Sarah?
Sarah.
Where were you?
- I told you.
- Why are you lying?
- Rachel.
- Okay, I'll go try the car.
- Should I stay with Sarah?
- I don't think you should.
You should come with me.
- Sarah, are you coming.
- Victoria.
- Sarah, please come.
- Victoria, come on.
Oh, let me get the cellphone
I left it upstairs.
- Sarah.
- Start damn you, start.
- Rachel.
Sarah.
* Twinkle, twinkle little star
* How I wonder what you are
* Up above the world
- You need to relax.
I'll take care of you.
* Twinkle, twinkle little star
* How I wonder what you are
- Mary.
Is that you, Mary.
Who
is
here?
Where is Mary?
Gone.
Who's there?
Sarah.
* Follow me into the dark
* I'll take you
back to the start *
* I need you to play your part
* I'll be the wild iris
* In your blood
* I'll be the words
in your hand *
* I'll be all that you read
* I'm waiting
* Waiting
* Waiting for your last breath
* I'm waiting
* Waiting
* Waiting for your last breath
* I'm waiting for
your last breath *
* Countless countdowns
* Endless breakdowns
* I left you unto to
that haunting sound *
* You can't escape from
the end that you see *
* You're trapped
in your defeat *
* I'll drown your soul then
* See into your brittle bones
* I'm waiting
* Waiting
* Waiting for your last breath
* I'm waiting
* Waiting
* Waiting for your last breath
* I'm waiting for your last
* Waiting
* I'm waiting for you
* I'm waiting
* Waiting for you
* Waiting for your last breath
* I'm waiting
* Waiting
* Waiting for you
* I'm waiting
* I'm waiting for
your last breath *
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org